{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Teachers\
\
Gabe\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gabriel has been teaching Bikram Yoga consistently for over a decade.\
He began his journey in Paris, later taught in Geneva, and now shares the original Bikram method in Melbourne. Trained in the traditional lineage by Bikram Choudury in 2014, Gabe remains committed to the pure, unmodified 26+2 series, a practice he believes to be deeply transformative and transcendental. Having witnessed its profound effects across thousands of students from diverse backgrounds and physical conditions, he sees this method not just as a workout, but as a path to clarity, unity, and personal change. Bikram Yoga bridges cultures, brings extremes together, and reveals the best in those who step into the hot room.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Sammy \
Mum for the instructors he only needs photo and experience, for example \
Pilates and yoga instructor 10 years experience \
\
Mish Gubbels\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thave taught Bikram Yoga for 16 years after graduating in Las Vegas\
2010. I have also taught Pilates for 11 years (Core\
Plus) trained.\
I will bring the energy you deserve from the moment you walk in reception, sprinkled with a lot of laughter, as we all work hard and sweat together.\
\
Jodie\
My name is Jodie and I am a certified Mat Pilates Instructor.\
I have been practising Pilates and Bikram Yoga for over a decade and have a background in Nursing and Midwifery.\
I am a Mum to three young adults and recently became a Grandma to a gorgeous baby boy.\
I am passionate about body awareness, mental wellness and strength training to support my students to live their best active lives!\
I look forward to having a chat with you about how we can achieve your fitness goals together.\
\
Steph\
Hi team, Steph here! I first discovered yoga at an after school care program when I was ll and it was instant love.\
Since then I have practiced many styles of yoga, with a particular love for Aerial, SUP Yoga and of course, SCULPT. I decided to do my 200hr YTT and Sculpt Teacher Training in 2019 and have been passionately teaching ever since. What can you expect in my SCULPT class? A supportive and energising class that will nurture, develop and challenge your strength, balance and flexibility. Most of all, expect good vibes. See you on the mat.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Hilory\
How has it been a decade?! Come join me on your mat! I bring energy to every Pilates and Yoga class because movement should feel good and be fun. No matter your ability or experience level, we\'92ll find the right balance to support and challenge you. Expect a mix of strength, flow, and a touch of cardio, all set to great tunes. Let\'92s work hard, have fun, and move together!}